import React, {useEffect, useState} from 'react';
import RightArrow from "../../assets/icons/rightArrow";
import Check from "../../assets/icons/check";
import Footer from "../../components/footer";

function Index(props) {

    // These are hardcoded meetingSummaries
    const meetingSummaries = [
        {
            date:"January 03, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Python cffi secp256k1-zkp wrapper - bounty..",

            ],
            link: "/meetings/january-03-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"December 20, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Request for funding @davidtavarez January-April 2023",
                "Request for funding @cobragrin Dec-March 2023",
                "Request @jaw709 Jan-April 2023.@navie funding Dec 22- Q1 2023",
                "Wallet issues; mimblewimble/grin-wallet.owner api"
            ],
            link: "/meetings/december-20-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"December 06, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Vote for Dissolving GrinCC and return funds to OC.",
                "Give our opinion on the mining farm in the CC Telegram chat.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/december-06-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"November 22, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Grin CC should be paused until further notice and funds must be returned..",
                "Proposal to add a payment management roll to the Groundskeeper duties.",
                "Unlock the Python CFFI secp256k1-zkp wrapper and Ledger hardware wallet support bounties.."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/november-22-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"November 08, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "MW/Grin Workshop+Hackaton in Istanbul.",
                "Request for funding duty tax bill for testnet miner sent to @mattczt3."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/november-08-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"October 25, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Release v5.2.0-alpha.2 and testings.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/october-25-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"October 11, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Request for funding @satoshocrat October - December 15 2022.",
                "Test Miner donations & locations."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/october-11-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"September 27, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Request for funding @cekickafa September -December 15 2022.",
                "Testnet miner issue & Request for funding, @mattczt, October 2022."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/september-27-2022"
        }, {
            date:"September 13, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Community Biweekly meeting Schedule",
                "Bounty for writing a CFFI wrapper of secp256k1-zkp fork.",
                "Retroactive Grants like idea."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/september-13-2022"
        },{
            date:"August 30, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Community Counsil Members ''proof of life'' request discussion by @johndavies24. ",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/august-30-2022"
        }, {
            date:"August 16, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Request for funding @davidtavarez August-December 2022.",
                "Community Mining Project update.",
                "Discussion about Coinswap milestone 2."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/august-16-2022"
        },   {
            date:"August 02, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                " Coinswap Milestone 2 Review & Approval to being work on Milestone 3. ",

            ],
            link: "/meetings/august-02-2022"
        },   {
            date:"July 19, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Status of current GRIN Testnet is discussed.",
                "Running a Faucet for testnet purpose is discussed. ",
                "Number of seed nodes is discussed.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/july-19-2022"
        }, {
            date:"July 05, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Request for funding @cekickafa and @satoshocrat",
                "GRIN Transaction Contract flow . ",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/july-05-2022"
        },{
            date:"June 21, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Telegram bot bounty.",
                "Bounty suggestions.",
                "Request for funding @cekickafa. ",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/june-21-2022"
        },{
            date:"June 07, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Secure Bulletin Board System and Relay system discussions. ",
                "Adaptor Signature Atomic Swap completion and RFC. ",
                "Hiring and retaining long-term developers.",
                "Situation of MWixnet and review by @yeastplume.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/june-07-2022"
        },{
            date:"May 24, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Mining decentralization and exchanges Grin implementation has been discussed.",
                "Make sure current Asic vendors are not scammers.",
                "Grin Mining documentation and tutorial should be prepared.",
                "Adding telegram link to community web site instead of main site has been discussed.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/may-24-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"May 10, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Current situation of PIBD has been discussed. @yeastplume will work on RFC.",
                "Grin meet-up ideas/details has been discussed like location/date.",
                "Grin-wallet contract prototype can be tested by community.",
                "Grin CC's last year performance has been reviewed and future projections has been made. ",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/may-10-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"April 26, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Request for funding @davidtavarez May-July 2022 is discussed.",
                "Grin book donation/funding request format is discussed."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/april-26-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"April 12, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Community Council Member Vote (Paoukys' Replacement).",
                "After Meeting Follow up With @Scilio.",
                "New Developer Resource Section on Grin Community Github.",
                "Update from Groundskeeper Cekickafa and former Groundskeeper Defistaker.",
                "Potential for In-Person Grin Community Meet Up.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/april-12-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"March 29, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "On-ramping of active community members .",
                " Community wish-list.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/march-29-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"March 15, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Maintaining Grin Telegram+Keybase-discord bridge service.",
                "Request for funding @jankie.",
                "Request for funding @cekickafa.",
                "Organizing a community sub-team with focus on the increase of Grin adoption.",
                "Increasing Bisq awareness in Grin Community.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/march-15-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"March 1, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Provide more exposure to Bisq and other exchanges.",
                "Overview on Grin CC github page and web site.",
                "Bounties for training videos on Bisq and Tradeogre.",
                "Discuss request for funding Groundskeeper @jankie / Mar-May 2022.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/march-01-2022"
        },{
            date:"February 15, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Update on Grin community website with @defistaker.",
                " Update on PIBD development with @yeastplume.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/february-15-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"February 01, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Update on community miners purchase order and mining operation cost and profit.",
                "Request for funding @dtavarez Feb-Apr 2022.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/february-01-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"January 18, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Organizing community for extending grin ecosystem.",
                "Update on groundskeeper work and the clear delegation of items.",
                "Discussion on platform for grin-wallet UI (possible frameworks Qt, Orbtk, React/Web, vanilla Web).",
                "Current situation of scriptless scripts.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/january-18-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"January 4, 2022",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Organizing community for extending grin ecosystem.",
                "Update on groundskeeper work and the clear delegation of items.",
                "Discussion on platform for grin-wallet UI (possible frameworks Qt, Orbtk, React/Web, vanilla Web).",
                "Current situation of scriptless scripts.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/january-04-2022"
        },
        {
            date:"December 21, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Preview of grincc website.",
                "Request for funding Groundskeeper @stakervali Dec-Feb 2021/22.",
                "Sponsoring the Area 51 Community drafting lottery with e.g. 51 ãƒ„ in Price money.",
            ],
            link: "/meetings/december-21-2021"
        },
        {
            date:"December 7, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Upbit listing proposal.",
                "Inflation bugs bounty.",
                "Request for funding Groundskeeper @jankie Dec-Feb 2021/22.",
                "Update on payment for @scilio's coinswap implementation - milestone 1.",
                "Development update by @yeastplume"
            ],
            link: "/meetings/december-07-2021"
        },
        {
            date:"November 23, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Bounty idea for adding Grin to THORchain native coin alongside monero & bitcoin.",
                "Generation of transaction logs for public visibilty",
                "Updates on Grin-Exchange progress! (Bisq, Kucoin, Gate.io, Hotbit)",
                "Proposal for the Grin CC to buy around 0.5BTC 1 BTC (1BTC = 50k â‚¬ ) worth in GRIN.",
                "Funding slatepacks.com hosting costs",
                "Discussion of Extending grin-wallet command line tool so that it can parse recovery seeds from a file",
                "Review of @scilio 's coinswap implementation milestone 1 and approval to start on milestone2"
            ],
            link: "/meetings/november-23-2021"
        },
        {
            date:"November 9, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Grin integration with Bisq DEX."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/november-09-2021"
        },
        {
            date:"October 12, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Request for funding @davidtavarez Nov-Jan 2021/22.",
                "Groundkeepers task list finalization.",
                "Situation of Purchasing G1 MINI Asics.",
                "Atomic swap funding payment delay."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/october-12-2021"
        },
        {date:"September 28, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Atomic Swap PR: status and next steps.",
                "Implementation of multiple named wallets in the grin-wallet system by sheldonth.",
                "Miners: next steps."
            ],
            link: "/meetings/september-28-2021"
        },

        {date:"September 14, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "review of task-list from @jankie1800 and @defistaker.",
                "Contact OC for payment transfer and if needed clarifications.",
                "G1 miners sold out. Discuss alternatives such as a) to buy a large number of G1 mini's and how to manage them b) scale down on the buying.",
                "Organization of MW GRIN / Berlin Meetup group.",
                "Discuss options to update grin website and development of grincc website."
            ],
            link: "meetings/september-14-2021"
        },
        {date:"August 31, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Discuss and vote on proposal to make XX% payment in Grin default for Funding Requests.",
                "TradeOgre's grin integration issue",
                "Compensation for CC meeting notes documentation for @jankie1800 and @stakervali",
                "Request for Funding @scilio (CoinSwap Implementation )"
            ],
            link: "meetings/august-31-2021"
        },
        {date:"August 17, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Paying all Community Council funding request at least for XX% in Grin.",
                "Complete voting for mining equipment purchase.",
                "GRIN CC security proofs (Proposed procedure will be voted.)."
            ],
            link: "meetings/august-17-2021"
        },
        {date:"August 10, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Discussion of community feedback and formal plan for community mining.",
                "Voting for final decision."
            ],
            link: "meetings/august-10-2021"
        },
        {date:"August 03, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Funds transfer from core to cc.",
                "Community pool",
                "Advancement of the CoinSwap Proposal ( forum link )",
                "Manual confirmation of an incoming transaction mimblewimble/grin-rfcs#84",
                "Community minining equipment purchase"
            ],
            link: "meetings/august-03-2021"
        },
        {date:"July 20, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Funds transfer from core to cc.",
                "Status of PR#606 Add the parameter confirmed_height to retrieve_tx owner_api method mimblewimble/grin-wallet#606",
                "Community pool.",
                "Funding request : https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-mwgrin-fr/8888/15"

            ],
            link: "meetings/july-20-2021"
        },
        {date:"July 06, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Status multi-sig address",
                "Fund spending guidelines review",
                "Setting up a Grin Community Council Grin node with donation address",
                "Mining equipment purchase",
                "Determining an hour of meeting that is convenient for all council members"
            ],
            link: "meetings/july-06-2021"
        },
        {date:"June 22, 2021",
            agendaPoints : [
                "Status of the multi-sig address.",
                "New github organisation links, etc",
                "Status of spending rules",
                "Request for funding : @mwgrin_fr video tutorials for wallet-cli usage scenarios",
                "Grin fund for mining"
            ],
            link: "meetings/june-22-2021"
        },
    ]

    // Converts meetingSummary to meetingItemView
    const createMeetingView = (meetingSummary) =>{
        return (
            <div key={meetingSummary.date} className=" md:w-full px-8 mb-8 py-6 border-l-2 border-gray-200 border-opacity-60">
                <h2 className="header-2">{meetingSummary.date} meeting agenda</h2>
                {/*<h3 className="text-lg">Agenda points</h3>*/}
                {meetingSummary.agendaPoints.map(p=>{
                    return (
                        <p key={p} className="leading-relaxed text-base my-2">
                            <Check />
                            {p}
                        </p>
                    )
                })}
                <a className="text-primary inline-flex  items-center" href={meetingSummary.link} >View notes
                    <RightArrow />
                </a>
            </div>
        )
    }

    const getAllMeetingItems = () => meetingSummaries.map(summary=>createMeetingView(summary));

    const [filterQuery,setFilterQuery] = useState("");

    const [meetingItems,setMeetingItems] = useState([]);

    const [nextAgendaLink,setNextAgendaLink] = useState("");

    const searchEndpoint = (query) => `/api/search?q=${query}`;

    useEffect(()=>{
        fetch("https://api.github.com/repos/grincc/agenda/issues").
        then(res=>{
            res.json().then(issues=>{

                issues = issues.filter(i=> i.title.startsWith("Agenda: Community Council"));

                const latestIssue = issues.reduce((prev,current)=>{
                    return (prev.number>current.number) ? prev : current
                });
                setNextAgendaLink(latestIssue.html_url);
            })
        })
    },[])

    useEffect(() => {

        if (filterQuery===""){
             setMeetingItems(getAllMeetingItems);
        }else{
            fetch(searchEndpoint(filterQuery))
                .then(res =>res.json())
                .then(res=>{
                    console.log(res.results);
                    console.log(res.results.length);
                    const ids =  res.results;
                    console.log("ids",ids);
                    if (ids.length===0){
                         setMeetingItems([]);
                    }else{
                        const filteredMeetingSummaries = meetingSummaries.filter(summary=>{
                            const summaryId = summary.link.replace("/meetings/","");

                            return ids.indexOf(summaryId) >=0;
                        })

                        console.log(filteredMeetingSummaries.map(s=>s.link))
                        setMeetingItems(filteredMeetingSummaries.map(summary=>createMeetingView(summary)));
                    }
                }
                )
        }

    }, [filterQuery]);

    const handleFilterQueryChange = (e)=>{
        if (e.target.value.length>2){
            console.log('searching for ',e.target.value)
            setFilterQuery(e.target.value.toLowerCase());
        }else{
            setFilterQuery("");
        }
    }


    return (<>
            <div className={" pt-8 pr-8 flex justify-end ml-8"}>

                <input type="text" id="searchQuery" onChange={(e)=>handleFilterQueryChange(e)}
                       className="h-10  bg-white rounded border border-gray-300 focus:border-indigo-500 focus:ring-1 focus:ring-indigo-200 text-base outline-none text-gray-700 py-1 px-3 leading-8 transition-colors duration-200 ease-in-out" />
                <span className={"bg-primary p-2 h-10"}>

                    <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" className="h-6 w-6" fill="none" viewBox="0 0 24 24" stroke="white" strokeWidth={2}>
                        <path strokeLinecap="round" strokeLinejoin="round" d="M21 21l-6-6m2-5a7 7 0 11-14 0 7 7 0 0114 0z" />
                    </svg>
                    </span>
            </div>
            <div className="my-container ">

                <div className="flex flex-col text-center w-full mb-20">
                    <h1 className="header-1">Grin Community Meetings </h1>
                    <p className="lg:w-2/3 mx-auto leading-relaxed text-base">Grin Community meetings are held biweekly on the first and third weeks of the month at 19:30 UTC on <a href="https://t.me/Grin_Governance">Telegram</a>.
                    Agenda for meetings are publicly open at <a href="https://github.com/grincc/agenda/issues">grincc/agenda</a> repo.
                    </p>
                    <h2 className="mt-4 py-2 px-8 text-sm bg-primary flex mx-auto w-max text-white rounded-md  tracking-widest font-medium title-font mb-1">
                        <a href={nextAgendaLink} className="text-white dark:text-gray-200"> Add a topic to next meeting's Agenda </a>
                    </h2>
                </div>


                <div className="flex flex-wrap">
                    {meetingItems}
                </div>
            </div>
        </>
    );
}

export default Index;